These tools are a collection of 'usage examples' and shortcuts to many
other scripts and small utilities, which may well be being used on other
buttons along this one. It can be considered as a hub for all utilities,
but many of them may need its own buttons and tweaks for specific
use-cases (i.e. Search similar scripts offer so many possibilities that
it's impossible to cover all of them in one menu).

The menu is created dynamically according to the components and scripts
installed; therefore if something is missing, the associated entry is not
drawn (you can use that feature to remove things you would never use).
Some menu entries may also be manually deleted or created according to
user set variables, allowing even further customization. Just follow the
instructions on the popups.

Menu entries may be grayed (disabled) if some conditions are not met (i.e.
sorting would be disabled when selecting only 1 track), these are related
to some obvious requisites:
	-Scripts requiring multiple selected items (>3): those applied to
	a list of tracks.
	-Scripts requiring at least 1 item on the active playlist: those
	applied on the entire playlist.
	-Scripts requiring a selected/focused item: those applied on
	focused item.

Most menus have a small description at the top (further descriptions may
be found on the readme and the headers of those scripts), and their
configuration may be in its own submenu or in the global 'Configuration'
submenu. Properties are meant to be changed using menus (ensuring the
input is consistent with what the scripts expect), but they can be
manually edited too on the properties panel (and will be checked for
consistency upon reload).

Finally, some sub-menus, specially those related to finding/removing
tracks on playlists, may lag at drawing (since the calc. time grows
exponentially to the number of tracks and playlists). To solve that
issue some of these entries may not be created when the number of tracks
selected is too high (user configurable), thus allowing an smooth
experience. If you want to set a number greater than the current
configurable max limit, then edit it manually on the properties panel.
Beware that putting crazy limits, like 10.000 tracks, would render the
entire menu unusable on large selections (and its useless, since no one
needs to find so many tracks -at the same time- on other playlists).